Modify S1871: Migrate To LayC (#3315)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S1871/swift/compliant.adoc

If the same logic is needed for both instances, then:

> * in an `if` structure they should be combined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* in an `if` statement, they should be merged.
```
